        THE LINKER                                             Page 2-11
        INTEL HEX OUTPUT FORMAT


        2.7  INTEL HEX OUTPUT FORMAT

        Record Mark Field    -  This  field  signifies  the  start  of a
                                record, and consists of an  ascii  colon
                                (:).

        Record Length Field  -  This   field   consists   of  two  ascii
                                characters which indicate the number  of
                                data   bytes   in   this   record.   The
                                characters are the result of  converting
                                the  number  of  bytes  in binary to two
                                ascii characters, high digit first.   An
                                End  of  File  record contains two ascii
                                zeros in this field.

        Load Address Field   -  This  field  consists  of the four ascii
                                characters which result from  converting
                                the  the  binary value of the address in
                                which to begin loading this record.  The
                                order is as follows:

                                    High digit of high byte of address.
                                    Low digit of high byte of address.
                                    High digit of low byte of address.
                                    Low digit of low byte of address.

                                In an End of File record this field con-
                                sists of either four ascii zeros or  the
                                program  entry  address.   Currently the
                                entry address option is not supported.

        Record Type Field    -  This  field  identifies the record type,
                                which is either 0 for data records or  1
                                for  an End of File record.  It consists
                                of two ascii characters, with  the  high
                                digit of the record type first, followed
                                by the low digit of the record type.

        Data Field           -  This  field consists of the actual data,
                                converted to two ascii characters,  high
                                digit first.  There are no data bytes in
                                the End of File record.

        Checksum Field       -  The  checksum  field is the 8 bit binary
                                sum of the record length field, the load
                                address  field,  the  record type field,
                                and the data field.  This  sum  is  then
                                negated  (2's  complement) and converted
                                to  two  ascii  characters,  high  digit
                                first.